fix(docs): content correction (#2180)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/configure-failover-proxmox/index.mdx

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-proxmox_kvm_system_03.webp" width="500" alt="" />
5. Set the parameters of the virtual hard drive. You can go with the default settings and set the disk size towards your requirements:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-proxmox_kvm_hdd_04.webp" width="500" alt="" />

> 6. Choose the CPU settings for the virtual machine. You may set the number of **Sockets**, **Cores** and the **Type** towards your requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Choose the CPU settings for the virtual machine. You may set the number of **Sockets**, **Cores** and the **Type** based on your own requirements:
```
